output: add second stream for `TextOutput` (#4504)
bpftrace/bpftrace: CHANGELOG.md

- JSON serialization for unsupported and unknown types (e.g. `float`) may now
  use `null` now rather than the empty string
  - [#4302](https://github.com/bpftrace/bpftrace/pull/4302)

> - Text output now has errors emitted to `stderr` instead of mixed with `stdout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Text mode now emits all non-script generated output (e.g., errors, attached notifications) to `stderr` instead of `stdout`
```
